## Overview

This is a simple project to demonstrate how to blink the user LEDs using GIO on the Texas Instruments TMS570LC43x Launchpad development kit (LAUNCHXL2-570LC43), featuring an ARM Cortex-R MCU for safety critical applications.

NOTE: 99% of this code is generated by `HalCoGen` and is provided so that the project can be built.  See `HL_sys_main.c` for GIO application code.

## Background

I purchased this kit years back because I had come from developing solutions with TI's C6455 DSPs and MSP430 microcontrollers, and at the time I was interested in learning more about ARM. The board also has an Ethernet PHY (DP83630), and the microcontroller has on-chiop peripherals for the Ethernet MAC layer (EMAC) as well as CAN bus (DCAN). It does not, however, have a CAN transceiver on the baord, which seems like a massive oversight for a development kit for evaluating an MCU aimed at automotive and safety applications. 

I have to say I'm not much of a fan of this kit though, so I probably won't do much more with it. First of all, to take advantage of the equivalent of a HAL and BSP for this board and ARM Cortex-R chip, you have to use TI's `HalCoGen` tool which generates the equivalent of a HAL library for the peripherals you select.  This results in code that is like STMCubeIDE and the STM32 HAL in that you can only edit certain parts of the code where it is marked editable, or you lose your changes if you end up making changes in `HalCoGen` and regenerate the source code. `HalCoGen` also only runs on Windows, and it looks like the tool has been abandoned mostly.  Secondly, it has a lot of features that I will probably never mess with, such as lock-step MCUs, ECC, self-test, and lots of other features for use in critical applications. I'm just not doing much in that space. Finally, there is very little documentation, application notes, or sample code available for the platform, making it rather hard to get started using the peripherals. I even tried using Claude Code but it halucinated HAL methods that simply are not genereated by `HalCoGen`. 

## Process

To recreate this project, start a new `HalCoGen` project and disable all of the peripherals except for GIO (also know as GPIO on other microcontrollers).  Then, create a new `empty project` in Code Composer Studio, and copy the `include` and `source` directories that were created by `HalCoGen` into the CCS project folder.  Finally, edit the `HL_sys_main.c` for the GIO functionality as desired.

## To Do:

Future potential work includes (but is not likely):

- Blink the user LEDs using a timer interrupt instead of spinning in a loop to create delay
- Generate GIO interrupts when the user buttons are pressed
- Serial debug console output 
- Adjust the potentiometer on the board and dump the ADC reading to the serial debug console
- CAN bus and DMA demo
- Ethernet + UDP demo